<table class="SmallTable" style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="1" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<th>Option</th>
		<th>Description</th>
		<th nowrap="nowrap">Default value</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>blog_url</td>
		<td>A Google Blogger Blog URL without the trailing slash. Or leave empty 
		to aggregate yours.</td>
		<td><strong>''</strong></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>max_tags</td>
		<td>max tags to look for on the page.<br />
		For related posts widget to work on a post page, that post must have at 
		least 1 tag assigned! <br />
		Note that increasing max tags will increase number of requests made to Blogger 
		API and thus slowing down the widget!</td>
		<td><strong>5</strong></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>posts_per_tag</td>
		<td>Max. posts to be query per tag -this option has no effect on recent 
		posts widget.<br />
		Note that increasing max posts per tag will make each request take longer 
		time! </td>
		<td><b>5</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>max_posts</td>
		<td>Specify a max posts to appear to remove extra ones that are least relevant 
		or set to <strong>0</strong> to keep them all.<br />
		For recent posts widget this option specify number of posts to return.
		</td>
		<td><b>5</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>tags</td>
		<td>don't specify any tags and they are read from page content. or specify 
		a fixed list to aggregate like <strong>['jQuery','twitter'] - but note that 
		tags are case-sensitive!</strong>. <br />
		Also setting it to empty array<strong> [] </strong>will make it work as
		<b>recent posts widget </b>all the time.</td>
		<td><strong>false</strong></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>loading_class</td>
		<td>CSS class will be set on list until widget is loaded which you can use 
		it style it with AJAX icon on the background.</td>
		<td nowrap=""><b>'rpw-loading'</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>related_title</td>
		<td>H2 Title to be added for related posts widget. leave empty to disable.</td>
		<td nowrap=""><strong>'Related Posts</strong>'</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>recent_title</td>
		<td>H2 Title to be added for recent posts widget. leave empty to disable.</td>
		<td nowrap=""><b>'Recent Posts'</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>thumbs</td>
		<td>By default showing posts thumbnails is enabled, to disable set this 
		to <b>0</b></td>
		<td><b>1</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>titles</td>
		<td>Each post link will contain the post title, you might disable titles 
		by setting this to <b>0</b> and show thumbnails instead.</td>
		<td><b>1</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>thumb_default</td>
		<td>Default image URL to use as a thumbnail for posts that don't have one.
		<br />
		- To avoid having a post without a thumbnail you should know that Blogger 
		uses first image in post as the thumbnail and Only images uploaded through 
		Blogger to PicasaWeb are available as thumbnails. </td>
		<td><b>''</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>thumb_size</td>
		<td>Blogger images are uploaded to your
		<a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/">Picasa web album</a>. 
		Picasa offers 	images in multiple dimensions -available as both cropped and un-cropped sizes. <br />
		As an example, to retrieve a 72 pixel image that is cropped, you would specify 	<b>'s72-c'</b>, 
		while to retrieve the uncropped image, you would specify <b>'s72'</b>. 
		Other accepted cropped and uncropped sizes are:<br />
		<strong>32, 48, 64, 72, 104, 144, 150, 160</strong><br /><br />
		The following sizes are available as uncropped sizes only. Pass the size value like this <b>'s400'</b>.
		Other accepted sizes are:<br />
		<strong>94, 110, 128, 200, 220, 288, 320, 400, 512, 576, 640, 720, 800, 912, 1024, 1152, 1280, 1440, 1600</strong><br /><br />
		Blogger uses 's72-c' as the default size for post thumbnails. leave this to default value to have thumbnails as is.<br />
		Uncropped size like <b>'s400'</b> returns images of 400px width and variable height.
		</td>
		<td><b>'s72-c'</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>post_score_class</td>
		<td>A CSS class prefix to be used to style posts based on relevancy. If 
		you set this to<strong> 'related-link'</strong> and max_tags is <strong>
		5</strong> then related links can have classes like ('related-link1' to 
		'related-link5')</td>
		<td><strong>''</strong></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>timeout</td>
		<td>
		<p dir="ltr">Timeout per request in milliseconds to display widget even 
		if one of the feeds request didn't complete.<br />
		Default timeout value is estimated based on default settings. If you will 
		increase 'posts_per_tag' you should increase that timeout. <br />
		Actual timeout used in widget = max_tags * timeout</p>
		</td>
		<td><b>1500</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>show_n</td>
		<td>Number of links to show per transition. apparently should be less than 
		max_posts. <br />
		If you set this number to <b>0</b> then transitions will be disabled and 
		links are displayed as a simple list.</td>
		<td><strong>0</strong></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>stay_time</td>
		<td>Time in milliseconds for a link to be shown.</td>
		<td><b>5000</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>enter_time</td>
		<td>Entry transition time in milliseconds. </td>
		<td><b>200</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>exit_time</td>
		<td>Exit transition time in milliseconds </td>
		<td><b>200</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>animate</td>
		<td>What to animate for entry transition. by default is set to 'opacity' 
		to fade link/thumb in.<br />
		possible values are <b>'opacity'</b>, <b>'height'</b>, <b>'width'</b>,
		<b>'fontSize', 'lineHeight'</b>. (case-sensitive)</td>
		<td><b>'opacity'</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>post_page_only</td>
		<td>You can abort widget if current page is not a post page by setting this 
		to <b>1</b> which is useful if you don't want widget to appear on stand-alone 
		pages. by default this option is disabled.</td>
		<td><b>0</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>url_querystring</td>
		<td>Any query string in the container page URL will be ignored, which is 
		suitable to Google Blogger platform. <br />
		But if that is not the case, you can set this <b>1</b>.<br />
		<i>query string: anything in URL that comes after ? including the question 
		mark.<br />
		Container page URL is needed to skip posts with same URL.</i></td>
		<td><b>0</b></td>
	</tr>
</tbody>
</table>