#summary These are options list and their description
#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured

<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0"><tbody><tr><th>Option</th><th>Description</th><th>Default value</th></tr><tr><td>blogURL</td><td>Other Blog URL or leave empty to aggregate yours</td><td><strong>''</strong></td> </tr> <tr> <td>maxTags</td><td>max tags to look for on the page</td><td><strong>5</strong></td> </tr> <tr> <td>maxPostsPerTag</td><td>max posts to be aggregated per tag</td><td style="font-weight: bold;">5</td> </tr> <tr> <td>maxPosts</td><td>Specify a max. to remove extra posts that are least relevant or set to <strong>0</strong> to keep them.</td><td style="font-weight: bold;">5</td> </tr> <tr> <td>containerSelector</td><td>jQuery Selector to find a container to append widget at the end of it, Use <strong>'div.post-body'</strong> to have widget appended at the end of your post body. or leave empty so widget is placed where you called it</td><td style="font-weight: bold;">''</td> </tr> <tr> <td>tags</td><td>don't specify any and tags are read from page content. or specify a fixed list to aggregate like <strong>\['jQuery','JSON' \]</strong>. also setting it to empty array<strong> [] </strong> will make it work as recent widget all the time.</td><td><strong>null </strong>means not fixed</td> </tr>  <tr> <td>loadingText</td><td>Text to be displayed until widget is loaded. for example <strong>'loading..'</strong> </td><td><strong>''</strong> means no loading text</td> </tr>  <tr> <td>loadingClass</td><td>CSS class will be set on list until widget is loaded which you can use it set a AJAX icon on the background. for example <strong>'related-posts-loading'</strong> </td><td><strong>''</strong> means no CSS class</td> </tr> <tr> <td>relatedTitle</td><td>H2 Title to be used for related posts widget. To disable title output set this to empty.</td><td><strong>'Related Posts</strong>'</td> </tr>  <tr> <td>recentTitle</td><td>H2 Title to be used for recent posts widget when there are no tags on the page. Set this to empty and widget is canceled.</td><td style="font-weight: bold;">'Recent Posts'</td> </tr> <tr> <td>postScoreClass</td><td>A CSS class prefix to be used to style posts based on relevancy. If you set to<strong> 'related-link'</strong> and maxTags=<strong>5</strong> then related links can have classes like ('related-link1' to 'related-link5')</td><td><strong>''</strong> so feature is disabled</td> </tr> <tr> <td>onLoad</td><td>true so widget is loaded on window load so widget is loaded after all page content(like images) is loaded. or false and widget is loaded after document is ready(before images)</td><td style="font-weight: bold;">false</td> </tr> <tr> <td>relevantTip</td><td>For demo purpose you can show each post relevancy as a tool tip. set to <strong>'\d relevant tags!'</strong> and '\d' is replaced with number of tags in common.</td><td style="font-weight: bold;">''</td> </tr> </tbody></table>